ispo winter 2014 we are at the shoe stand
with maximum pellizzari is a novelty
absolute to serve almost
revolutionary
well surely f1 evo will be a product
revolutionary because we have included a
new mechanism in which we do not
foresees the use of manual intervention
to switch from ski mode to
walk mode this definitely a
revolution in the world of skiing
mountaineering that will bring a lot of
benefits for rinses seen on
users we have seen that this
system is also applied to shoes
top of the race so this is not the case
just one more comfort but also
more effective in terms
cronometrici
certainly not just at the level of
chronometer time but above all also
at the level of physical benefit as
the fact of having to bend to go to
move the lever to close the lever for
passes by the passage from the mode
wake to walk mode anyway
involves a physical effort of the athletes
that already are however subjected
during the downhill climb activity
so this also increases door of
advantages also from the point of view
physical and quite importantly
and it is among other things one of the purposes for which
we have come to develop this new one
di di system we do not define more than
closing but passing from mode
wake from walk mode we can see
what it consists of and how it works
the boot practically during use
always has the mobility of the cuff only
when it is installed
on the attachment there is the fixing on the
shoes
on the attack it automatically stops
the cuff is already ready for the
descent phase in the moment in which it is
extracted the boot from the attack
automatically the boot to the cuff
free that allows you to switch to
crazy touring mode